## Field Trip Project

### Project Summary
This is a DIY interactive web app where you can create a pattern for a rug, blanket, quilt, etc. based on the desgins of Native American textiles, and then see the product after completing it. I chose this topic because I saw a station in the museum where you could recreate some of the patterns that were on the textile art exhibits, which particularly caught my attention. While the station involved physical pieces, I thought an online version could allow for more possibilites in the patterns one could create.

### Core Webpages
The website consists of two primary pages: one page where you build the pattern, and another page where you can view all of the patterns you created and download them. For the pattern building page, you can click and drag various shapes onto a blank canvas, while also having the ability to undo or redo steps, or even clear the entire canvas. There is also an option to save the pattern to an image, which then redirects you to another webpage that displays the completed pattern as well as all previous patterns you created. You can chose to download these patterns to your personal device or create a new one, going back to the first page.

### Design Choices
For the visual design, the header of the page as well as the margins/borders will contain quilt patterns like the ones displayed in the museum itself. There will be a gray "tray" next to the blank, white canvas that contains all of the shapes (rhombus, square, triangle, trapezoid...) of various colors (red, green, blue, yellow, pink...), and below the canvas itself there are three buttons: a blue back arrow to undo, a blue forward arrow to redo, and a red X button to completely clear the canvas (with a confirmation prompt to ensure the user doesn't accidentally delete everything). The data structure will contain all of the shapes and their associated image files, which are then copied upon clicking and become attached to the mouse until the mouse is pressed back down on the canvas. This updates the canvas image with the current change, and when the finish button is clicked, the full canvas image is saved to the user's local storage/cookies and then displayed on the page with all past patterns. Theoretically, the ammount of shapes in the pattern can be infinite as the shapes in the "tray" are pretty much just buttons that attach a clone of the image to your cursor, and the canvas contains the history of the last few changes you made, shifting through them when you undo and redo.  